table.start=Start
table.end=End

wQ.masterCase.0=Master ID
wQ.createdDate.1=Creation Date
wQ.caseId.2=Case ID
wQ.parserDescr.3=Source
wQ.customerName.4=Company
wQ.period.5=Stmt Period
wQ.monthYear.6=Stmt Month&Year
wQ.businessName.5=Company
wQ.companyId.6=Company ID
wQ.segmentIndustry=Industry
wQ.companyType=Company Type

wQ.documentStatus.7=Document Status
wQ.customerID.8=Customer ID
wQ.lockedBy.9=Locked By
wQ.portfolioName=Portfolio Name


wQ.caseStatus=Case Status
wQ.searcher=Searcher
wQ.maker=Maker
wQ.checker=Checker
wQ.makerCompleted=Maker Completed
wQ.checkerCompleted=Checker Completed

workQueue.rangesearch.1=Date :
workQueue.searchable.2=Case ID :
workQueue.searchable.5=Company :
workQueue.period.5=Stmt Period :
workQueue.monthYear.6=Stmt Month&Year :
workQueue.searchable.4=Company :
workQueue.searchable.6=Company ID: 
workQueue.searchable.7=Document Status: 
workQueue.searchable.segmentIndustry=Industry:
workQueue.searchable.companyType=Company Type:
wQ.portfolioName.Search=Portfolio Name :
wQSec.masterCase.0=Master ID
wQSec.createdDate.1=Created Date
wQSec.caseId.2=Case ID
wQSec.parserDescr.3=Processing Type
wQSec.companyName.4=Company Name
wQSec.documentStatus.5=Document Status
wQSec.cik.6=CIK
wQSec.formType.7=Form Type
wQSec.dateFiled.8=Date Filed
wQSec.lockedBy.9=Locked By


workQueueSec.rangesearch.1=Date :
workQueueSec.searchable.2=Case ID :
workQueueSec.searchable.4=Company Name :
workQueueSec.searchable.5=Document Status:
workQueueSec.searchable.6=CIK :
workQueueSec.searchable.7=Form Type:

 
userDetails.Hdr.0=User Name
userDetails.Hdr.1=User Group Name
userDetails.Hdr.2=Email
userDetails.Hdr.3=Created Date
userDetails.Hdr.4=Status
userDetails.Hdr.5=Edit
userDetails.Hdr.6=Remove
 
userDetails.Srch.0=User Name :
userDetails.Srch.1=User Group Name :




label.Refresh=Refresh
label.Search=Search